welcome back to the truth is viral my
name is Bob Powell and we're here at the
pose and potato festival with Pastor
Dave of your patriot and we're going to
walk around today and see what there is
to see so make sure that you stick
around for this okay so today we're
going to do something a little bit
different Dave wanted to interview me
for his show so all right let's go
Pastor Dave what you got to say what
caught my attention is my wife ordered
me a video that you put out about your
from Alpena and about watching could
possibly be in that area any more
sightings besides a Walmart incident no
just that one it was a one is enough
I'll tell you because you know they had
guns it was obvious they were carrying
these little man purses and the outline
of the guns was visibly showing right
and I wouldn't want to take on one of
these guys much less four of them
especially in the in the baked goods
section of Walmart I here so you know
discretion being the better part of
valor I beef eat well and I'm living to
fight another day now you uh you also
said in the video unit witness black
helicopters I'm not only witnessed and
they were flying right over my house do
you think that's because you're
spreading the truth I can't say why i
believe it is this where i'm from holly
but when i was working in Pontiac
Michigan I was stolen i'm filming them
at my work flying overhead so it's not
like if y'all expressing the truth i
think they're kind of keeping off and i
am yeah well i know for a fact that this
this other fellow that I interviewed
last week he is being targeted for you
know what he's saying because the
helicopter flew 20 feet above his head
in his backyard the pilot stared at and
wheeled around and took off oh my there
is no more clearer form of intimidation
than that that's right now what do you
really believe
Russian troops would be in this part of
michigan oh I believe it way up there
alpina and I like we I had told you
earlier this I ran into a friend of mine
we were at the mackinac bridge last
night and now he's telling me the black
water is up there what do you think is
about to happen is it because of the war
in Syria that's about to break loose now
no matter what Congress says I think
that's a smoke and mirrors Obama is
going to do something and Russia already
warned the United States so you think
it's a oh yeah I've said from Russia do
you think they're angry with the United
States and it's going to be like another
Red Dawn scenario or absolutely Putin
money to Putin is old guard communist he
hates this country more than more than
anything in the world and Obama is just
giving it to him oh yeah and get a
Japanese taking him up nobody's kinda
eater well yeah I mean playing both
sides against the middle I guess just
one way to look at it but you know it's
all a big head game but I've been saying
for years ever since this war in Syria
started since it looked like the GOG
Magog war was beginning that the product
of this war is going is that it's going
to spill over into the United States in
the form of probably an electromagnetic
pulse that's the only way that they can
kill ninety percent of this country
without even firing a shot ninety
percent of the people in this country
will die within a year from disease and
starvation after an electromagnetic
pulse now for my viewers that they will
have to explain the electromagnetic
pulse so they may not be aware okay I
know an electromagnetic pulse is created
by a nuclear weapon that's detonated
high up in the atmosphere like 250 miles
up so they don't even need good
targeting data they just need to lava
Scud in off of a container ship or from
one of the Iranian bases down in
Venezuela with one of these nuclear
warheads on it and that's all she wrote
big poof big flash in the sky and every
electronic circuit fries with in the
line of sight of that blast so you know
say goodbye to your cell phone say
goodbye the internet say goodbye to
being able to pump water without a hand
far it's going to be a night
mirror and we need to get ready for that
I believe that that's one reason why
after the Whore of Babylon New York City
is destroyed by fire and you really
don't hear much about the United States
in the book of Revelation in time
prophecy amen a lot of people on YouTube
are following the Sun upon these solar
flares yeah that's part of it do you
think that with our government
technology they I seen a video where
they believe that they are actually
lasting with lasers the Sun to cause
he's so look we're and well that's
something I'm not familiar with like I'm
not real familiar i got a lot of viewers
are going in yeah i think they need what
you were explaining i think viewers need
to take a look at that more than yeah
well hola Claire pit you know Christ
hold us to be prepared for signs in the
sky and just I believe it was like 18
months ago there was a huge triangular
shaped sunspot on his son it looked just
like the tetragrammaton the name of God
and I consider that a sign in the sky to
in a so away and this comet ison good
friend of mine Steve Fletcher has a
theory that comet Ison is the sign of
the coming of the Son of Man he isn't
saying that the rapture is going to
occur on any specific date just that the
comet is the sign of the coming of the
Son of Man and we'll be having him on
the truth is viral here in short order
so I've got to get back to this parade
to be with my wife Davis rent are there
any other questions I was so glad to
finally meet you and it was my pleasure
keep spreading the truth amen amen god
bless me thank you for watching the
truth is viral my name's Bob Powell as
always god bless semper fide you raw I
was